README.md, before:

# OpenFlow - AI-Powered DevOps Platform

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/logo.png" alt="OpenFlow Logo" width="120" />
  <p>Streamline Your Development Workflow with AI-Powered Tools</p>
</div>

## 🚀 About OpenFlow

OpenFlow is a cutting-edge DevOps platform that combines artificial intelligence with modern development workflows to help teams build better software faster. Our platform streamlines code reviews, automates pull request management, and provides deep insights into your development process.

### 🎯 Mission

Our mission is to revolutionize the software development lifecycle by leveraging AI to automate repetitive tasks, improve code quality, and enhance team collaboration.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Code Reviews
- Real-time code analysis and suggestions
- Security vulnerability detection
- Performance optimization recommendations
- Code style and best practices enforcement
- Automatic documentation suggestions

### 📊 Analytics Dashboard
- Development velocity metrics
- Team performance insights
- Code quality trends
- Pull request analytics
- Review time tracking

### 🔄 PR Management
- Automated workflow management
- Smart PR routing and assignment
- Conflict detection and resolution
- Merge readiness checks
- Integration with major Git platforms

## 💻 Technical Stack

- **Frontend:**
  - Next.js 13+ (App Router)
  - React 18
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Framer Motion
  - Clerk Authentication

- **UI Components:**
  - Radix UI
  - Lucide Icons
  - Custom animations
  - Responsive design

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
openflow/
├── app/
│   ├── landing/           # Landing page components
│   │   └── _components/   # Landing-specific components
│   └── dashboard/         # Dashboard pages and components
├── components/
│   └── ui/               # Reusable UI components
├── lib/
│   └── utils.ts          # Utility functions
└── public/               # Static assets
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/openflow.git
cd openflow
```

2. **Install dependencies**
```bash
npm install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. **Set up environment variables**
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

4. **Run the development server**
```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application

## 💰 Pricing Plans

### Free Tier
- 5 repositories
- Basic code reviews
- Limited PR management
- Community support

### Pro Tier ($29/user/month)
- Unlimited repositories
- Advanced AI code reviews
- Full PR automation
- Team collaboration
- Priority support
- Analytics dashboard

### Business Tier ($99/user/month)
- Everything in Pro
- Custom integrations
- Advanced security features
- Dedicated support
- Audit logs
- SSO/SAML

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to OpenFlow! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📝 License

OpenFlow is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## 🔗 Links

- [Website](https://openflow.dev)
- [Documentation](https://docs.openflow.dev)
- [Blog](https://blog.openflow.dev)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openflowdev)
- [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/openflow)

## 🔒 Security

Please report any security vulnerabilities to security@openflow.dev

## 📞 Support

For support inquiries, please email support@openflow.dev or visit our [Help Center](https://help.openflow.dev)

Commit message:

docs: update license to Fair Code License and clarify usage terms in README

README.md, after:

# OpenFlow - AI-Powered DevOps Platform

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/logo.png" alt="OpenFlow Logo" width="120" />
  <p>Streamline Your Development Workflow with AI-Powered Tools</p>
</div>

## 🚀 About OpenFlow

OpenFlow is a cutting-edge DevOps platform that combines artificial intelligence with modern development workflows to help teams build better software faster. Our platform streamlines code reviews, automates pull request management, and provides deep insights into your development process.

### 🎯 Mission

Our mission is to revolutionize the software development lifecycle by leveraging AI to automate repetitive tasks, improve code quality, and enhance team collaboration.

## ✨ Key Features

### 🤖 AI-Powered Code Reviews
- Real-time code analysis and suggestions
- Security vulnerability detection
- Performance optimization recommendations
- Code style and best practices enforcement
- Automatic documentation suggestions

### 📊 Analytics Dashboard
- Development velocity metrics
- Team performance insights
- Code quality trends
- Pull request analytics
- Review time tracking

### 🔄 PR Management
- Automated workflow management
- Smart PR routing and assignment
- Conflict detection and resolution
- Merge readiness checks
- Integration with major Git platforms

## 💻 Technical Stack

- **Frontend:**
  - Next.js 13+ (App Router)
  - React 18
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Framer Motion
  - Clerk Authentication

- **UI Components:**
  - Radix UI
  - Lucide Icons
  - Custom animations
  - Responsive design

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
openflow/
├── app/
│   ├── landing/           # Landing page components
│   │   └── _components/   # Landing-specific components
│   └── dashboard/         # Dashboard pages and components
├── components/
│   └── ui/               # Reusable UI components
├── lib/
│   └── utils.ts          # Utility functions
└── public/               # Static assets
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/openflow.git
cd openflow
```

2. **Install dependencies**
```bash
npm install
# or
pnpm install
```

3. **Set up environment variables**
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

4. **Run the development server**
```bash
npm run dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application

## 💰 Pricing Plans

### Free Tier
- 5 repositories
- Basic code reviews
- Limited PR management
- Community support

### Pro Tier ($29/user/month)
- Unlimited repositories
- Advanced AI code reviews
- Full PR automation
- Team collaboration
- Priority support
- Analytics dashboard

### Business Tier ($99/user/month)
- Everything in Pro
- Custom integrations
- Advanced security features
- Dedicated support
- Audit logs
- SSO/SAML

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions to OpenFlow! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📝 License

OpenFlow is licensed under the [Fair Code License](LICENSE):
- ✅ Free for individuals and small businesses
- ✅ Free for non-profit organizations
- ✅ Commercial license required for larger organizations
- ✅ Source code remains open and modifiable

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details or contact licensing@openflow.dev for commercial use.

## 🔗 Links

- [Website](https://openflow.dev)
- [Documentation](https://docs.openflow.dev)
- [Blog](https://blog.openflow.dev)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openflowdev)
- [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/openflow)

## 🔒 Security

Please report any security vulnerabilities to security@openflow.dev

## 📞 Support

For support inquiries, please email support@openflow.dev or visit our [Help Center](https://help.openflow.dev)
